The Black Network's main business is recruiting, training, and equipping sellswords. Crates packed with weapons, rations, boots, black uniforms, and other gear fill the warehouse.

When the characters try to enter, determine if the four kenku inside are aware of their presence before reading the boxed text.

A character with thieves' tools can pick the lock on a door or the window with a successful DC 10 Dexterity check. Characters who enter quietly can try to catch the kenku by surprise. If the characters knock before en- tering or announce their arrival in some other way, the kenku hide as described above.

____
"Tables and chairs have been carelessly tossed across the floor. The corpses of a dozen men lie along the walls, their rapiers and daggers lying nearby. On the north side ofthe area, stairs rise to an open level above."
____

If the kenku aren't hidden, add:

____
"Four short, avian creatures with long beaks and black feathers look over in surprise from where they stand in the middle of the warehouse. Each wears a hooded cloak and wields a shortsword."
____

The corpses belong to five human Zhentarim sellswords (the same ones who kidnapped Floon and Renaer) and seven human Xanathar Guild thugs, all of them clad in leather armor. Each Zhent has a black tattoo of a winged snake on his neck or forearm, and one of the Xanathar Guild members has a black tattoo on the palm of his right hand that looks like a circle with ten spokes radiat- ing out from its circumference (the symbol of Xanathar).

The kenku fight until two of them are incapacitated or killed, whereupon the survivors try to nee. A successful

DC 10 Charisma (Intimidation) check forces captured kenku to divulge what they know.

WHAT THE KENKU KNOW  
When kenku speak, they mimic sounds and voices they have heard before. Under interrogation, they repeat the following phrases:

- In a deep voice with an orcish accent: "Xanathar sends its regards.
  
- In a thin, nasally voice: "Tie up the pretty boy in the back room!" and "Follow the yellow signs in the sewers." (This remark refers to tunnels in the sewers that are marked with Xanathar's symbol where they lead to the Xanathar Guild hideout.)
  
- In a scratchy voice: "No time to loot the place.just get him to the boss."