The door to this back room hangs loosely on broken hinges. The cramped chamber beyond smells strongly ofsour fish and vinegar. It is filled with discarded ropes. canvas tarpaulins, and splintered wood from smashed barrels. [[Renaer Neverember]] (see appendix B) is hjding here, having slipped free of his rope bonds. The charac- ters can hear his ragged breathing coming from under a tarpaulin at the north end of the room.

ROLEPLAYING RENAER  
Renaer is unarmed. Marred by grime and the lingering stench of rancid pickled herring, he speaks with grace and articulation, as befits his noble upbringing. His trust is easily gained but impossible to restore once broken.

On the night of the abduction, Renaer was concerned that Floon was too intoxicated to find his way home by himself and offered to escort him. The two were jumped by five thugs as they left Fillet Lane and headed north on Zastrow Street.

Renaer feels guilty that Floon was taken, since he be- lieves (correctly) that they mistook Floon for him. If the characters ask Renaer tojoin their search for Floon, he agrees to do so, arming himself with a dagger and a ra- pier scavenged from the dead Zhents in the warehouse.

If a character asks Renaer why the Zhents kidnapped him, he gives the following truthful reply:
_____
""The Zhentarim thinks that my father embezzled a large amount of gold while he was Open Lord, and that he hid the dragons somewhere in the city. They think they can find it by using an artifact called the Stone ofColorr, which was in the hands of the Xanathar Guild until re· cently. Apparently, someone stole it. The Zhents thought I knew something about all of this, but I don't. My father and I haven't spoken in years.""
_____
