Born in the elemental planes and I was abandoned at birth as genasi are not known for their maternal bonds. I was taking to the mortal world and left in the hands of two humble farmers in a small town. My mother had a great grandfather that was genasi and so I believe they were chosen as they respected my race. They named me Souta Sai (Japanese for sudden strong winds) which reflected the sudden care of an air genasi child. 

They raised me to be strong and independent as a child, working along with my father in the fields and helping my mother with chores. It was a simple and peaceful life. Unfortunately, some of the townsfolk rejected the idea of my being and made it known I was not welcome. 

I knew I was different due to my looks and feeling that I was not of this world. I was encouraged to embrace who I was and knew that one day I would go out into the world and look for more like myself to help me understand who I was and what I was capable of. Bandits came regularly to terrorise the farm in attempts to get rid of me. My father and mother worked tirelessly to defend me and keep me safe. Tragically, when I was 9, bandits came in the night and torched the farm. My parents helped me escape, however, they perished in the fire. I spent the next 17 years travelling alone, keeping my distance from the crowds but helping those in need when I could as I was helped in my time of need. Regularly surges of energy and magic would happen and I worked to try and control them/utilise them. I maintain a simple life, however, that deep anger towards parents killers has never left me and the idea of revenge is a mental conflict that I encounter daily. This and the longing to understand my true self and my race makes for a busy head space.